[Music]
yes john corbett
you're under arrest snipers maintain
cover
six four prepared to move forward yeah
sure i am
[Music]
john
[Applause]
seven five target lot no visual on
subject
four five one zero active critical shot
clocked
put the gun down john
put the gun down on zero to four
five the order is fahrenheit
[Music]
we'll lose all of corbett's intel lethal
force is authorized when there's an
immediate threat to light
we know that corbett is a cold-blooded
killer
the order is fahrenheit give yourself
repeat the order is fahrenheit give
yourself up
[Music]
you shoot me and the suit never comes
out
what kind of copper are you in one who
cares about all these only cases about
justice
t.i denton i'm arresting you for
conspiracy to murder a protected woman
state the grounds
you do not have to say the code g of the
police and criminal evidence act
state the grounds why are you arresting
me as the arresting officer i submit
one you're the sole survivor of an
ambush you had the means of setting up
two he made a phone call and freely
admit that you made a phone call to the
hospital after which two people were
murdered
regarding the police and criminal
evidence act i note subsection 5c
brackets 1 c brackets 2 enf and i'm sure
you're very familiar with those terms
lindsey denton you do not have to say
anything
however you may harm your defense if you
fail to mention when questions
something you later rely on in court
anything you do say
may be used in evidence
i would like to say something keep the
tape running
[Music]
i move a muscle
no further information
[Applause]
[Music]
you should see is
get them busy i'm gonna head out the
[Music]
back
oh
[Music]
so
nice
[Music]
uh
[Applause]
we are two feet apart in a confined
space
frankly for you this is a forensic
ground zero
[Music]
don't do that you had four
five people killed and me framed
i expect you had danny waldron killed
too
and never a single speck of blood on
your hands
you wanna shoot me
you go ahead
[Applause]
if it sends you to prison that is my job
done
do not send that message
[Music]
[Applause]
other people do your dirty work for you
[Music]
now you put that gun away you take me to
ac12
[Music]
let's see what they will think when i
bring it
how are you feeling
what's going on rosie had to operate
i just want to go home thank you hello
you're going to hurt yourself roster
just listen
to me the wound was very deep
the tissue was dead
and the infection had gotten into your
bloodstream they call it septic shock
if they didn't operate you could have
died
there's no choice
[Music]
[Applause]
why didn't you stop them i had to
operate to save
your life ross
[Music]
[Applause]
nicholas
uh
[Music]
put it down
sergeant you will stand down
[Music]
you